README.md, before:

# Weather-Dashboard

## Description

A Weather Application to provide simple weather forecasts for user queried locations.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Problem](#problem)
- [Solution](#solution)

## Introduction

The client travels frequently and would like to see weather in other locations.

## Problem

The client travels frequently and would like to see the weather for multiple cities to be able to plan their trip.

## Solution

I created a weather application that allows the user to query city names and see the forecast for that city. The queried names are saved to allow the user to revisit previous cities and view the weather.

![Screenshot of the planner](./assets/Screenshots/screenshot.png)

[Link to the deployed application](https://ktetsuyama.github.io/Work-Day-Scheduler/)

## Credits

I also used phind.com to help debug my code.

Tutorials used:

[jQuery Docuementation](https://api.jquery.com/)

[How to Call an API in JavaScript – with Examples](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/make-api-calls-in-javascript/)

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

added comment code to the JS, worked on README.

README.md, after:

# Weather-Dashboard

## Description

A Weather Application to provide simple weather forecasts for user queried locations.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Problem](#problem)
- [Solution](#solution)

## Introduction

The client travels frequently and would like to see weather in other locations.

## Problem

The client travels frequently and would like to see the weather for multiple cities to be able to plan their trip.

## Solution

I created a weather application that allows the user to query city names and see the forecast for that city. The queried names are saved to allow the user to revisit previous cities and view the weather.

![Screenshot of the planner](./assets/Screenshots/screenshot.png)

[Link to the deployed application](https://ktetsuyama.github.io/Work-Day-Scheduler/)

## Credits

I worked with Nick Gambino and John Young when I had code blocks. I also used phind.com to help debug my code.

Tutorials used:

[jQuery Docuementation](https://api.jquery.com/)

[How to Call an API in JavaScript – with Examples](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/make-api-calls-in-javascript/)

## License

MIT License
